Belén Esteban says everything we've
given in 14 years we're going to give now
there people are going to hallucinate what they
want is for them to talk So I love
Miguel madly on Instagram I upload what I
want my husband and my daughter are
anonymous and some people who have
husbands are anonymous and they are respected from
others no no I mean they're completely lying
The hoax the fake news from a week ago Well
look at things as they are I
thought there was something because Belén if it's
not later
you believed it I believed it because Belén is
very blunt and when at first she sees something
that isn't already on her Instagram like a
crazy person like a crazy person understand me she's
already impulsively she marks it at risk she
denies she screams and was more cautious
when they asked her on the street it was
like she gave way she gave way to
ambiguity it wasn't Clara I was
surprised I said something there must have been
not a crisis yes you have to be
leaving everyone who wants to call you
the tension or look for your mouth you have to
be coming out at all times Marina let's
see if I can explain myself
No Of course We don't always know what's
inside each house no And this is
like one's word an act of ugly
whatever okay but they're fighting
who
Ah well okay look let them fight
through super chat for you I'll broadcast this fight
if you want eh Look you
Imagine that suddenly you say Well
then Kiko Matamoros has a crisis with
Marta López because Marta López is
staying overnight in an apartment
next to his center where he works and
Matamoros however is
staying overnight in this hotel that
is at the door of mediaset and besides
Matamoros has told it to a colleague and
the colleague filed it but the thing is that there was
nothing it was Simply because because
yes Well look crisis but let's see what
we went through have you seen Miguel leaving
the house with suitcases Have you seen but
that I'm sure that if that Diego that
things as if that Diego told it it is
because through some
agency colleague or people who were doing
some kind of follow-up he realized
something that varied with respect to other
occasions or something that was not usual
like he didn't spend the birthday
together like he made some
strange movement and it was based on that I mean I don't think it
was a case of things as they are I mean I do
n't think it was an invention like just
because there must have been something now well that they
separated us it's clear but that there has
been something I still believe so
because Belén has lied to me a
million two hundred thousand times with a
report and proof in hand So in
this specific case and what I don't know
who she's referring to is when she says that it's that
the husbands or that the husbands of
others are anonymous and because he Who is she
referring to there has anyone
understood it or has anyone understood
who is Belén referring to
no no there has been an indirect to
someone in particular says the husbands of
others I know or who is she referring to
I can be a lot
there are some people who have
anonymous husbands and they are respected but they say
people anonymous husbands who are they
referring to Ah like that Well
to many
what I was going to tell you I was going to tell you
Lidia but it's that the idea either or
when have they had to mention something about
Charlie the  I mentioned point you know Yes in
fact the idea we had a really bad time with that
topic with the Charlie topic But well
denied okay completely denied
I thought it from the first moment that
no and you have completely lied to yourself okay